good evening we start through the
accusations that Boris Johnson is
putting politics ahead of the success of
the Olympics and that Londoners will pay
the price they count from the union
Unite and it centers on around that
fridays bus strike in three days time
thousands of bus drivers are expected to
walk out to back their claim for a 500
pound olympic bonus no peace talks are
scheduled well then and union leaders
say that's because the man wants to take
them on the details now from our Olympic
correspondent sam harris Londoners don't
just take the bus they rely on it every
day six and a half million passengers
hop aboard yet just three days from now
the entire bus fleet could be at a
standstill
a London wide Spike Lee's looming and
it's anyone's guess whether it can be
stopped the bus drivers Union unites all
on forests Johnson Twitter B but both
city hall and Transport for London seem
determined to keep the dispute at arm's
length even if that means letting
Friday's strike go ahead union leaders
claim the bus companies have refused to
negotiate and they'd be left with no
alternative but to call the strike the
client stands at 500 pounds which is at
the very lower end actually if the
claims that have been put in by the
transport work isn't achieved by the
transport workers it's a fact that
there's a growing support right across
the the public now further bus workers
claims only one group of people that are
still not presumed to get it and that's
the employers and Transport for London
Boris Johnson has described the strike
threat as a matter for the bus company's
Transport for London takes the same view
this remains an issue between the
private bus operating companies and the
bus workers they employ meanwhile as
spokesman for London's bus operators was
adamant they will not be paid any extra
for operating normal services during the
London 2012 games regardless of whether
there is an increase in passenger
numbers there's no question that the
Olympics relies much less on buses
and it doesn't achieve previous rail and
the chaplain for example so again TfL
maybe calculating that if the bus
drivers got strike no it would have a
big effect on London he wouldn't have
had bad an effect on the Olympics as say
a tube strike there have been occasional
bus strikes in recent years like this
one in 2008 but they was actually
confined to a handful of garages at the
last London wide walkout was thirty
years ago we can't give in to this sort
of rents and tactics they must have
known I presume they knew that there are
Olympics coming up they should have
negotiated what they were going to go
she ate then they can't come along with
only a few weeks to go and hold London
to ransom we have to stand firm against
this we mustn't give in and they must
call off the strikes it's not just the
employers taking a third line the union
says every time the drivers strike their
demand for an Olympic bonus will
increase by a hundred pounds we haven't
heard from the mayor himself today on
this latest round we're gonna have to
wait till tomorrow to response you know
what's not clear tonight is quite what
the mayor's strategy is is it to take on
the union's as unites suggests or is he
calling the bluff of the union leaders
in the hope that support for the strike
will be very minimal and the dispute
wither on the vine we should know some
have some idea tomorrow if he's taking
there's a floatie and the Transport
Commissioner Peter Andy will be
questioned in detail by the London
Assembly okay confusion also tonight
over this no-fly zone have they started
or not quite well the official no-fly
zone over the Olympic Park in large
parts of London and Home Counties backed
up by jet fighters and missiles is due
to start on July the 14th but suddenly
today at 9:30 this morning a small